Impudent
Hey bro
What do you want?
Why help this trash
Mr. Manchu for decades
The black nine spirits followed the pro-king and the zai
What qualifications do you have to destroy my hundreds of tribes?
Black Nine Spirits, you three male gods are afraid of you
We four families are not afraid of you
Bunch of idiots
Why do you want to help Qin Fang?
First Xuan, then you
He's just like the Qi family
Why should he let you help at all costs?
Could it be that he is the Qing army?
Qingming, are you crazy?
Don't you know that others don't know?
How could he be the Qing army?
But Pei Jiuling
They are afraid of you
We are not afraid of you
I want to make it clear what happened today
Otherwise, the Qin army will come
You look good with you, you are idiots
I really look up to you
What do you mean?
I don't understand what I mean.
Someone I can respect so much
Could anyone really be clear?
He is the Qing army
Impossible I don't believe it
He's just a clown
How could it be the Qing army?
Ladies and gentlemen
Don't listen to his nonsense
If he were the Qing army
Even if there is no movement from what I just said
He's in the audience's favor
What!
Was attacked
Bankrupt?
He is really Qin Jun